year: 2017
title: Novitiate
director: Maggie Betts
cast: Maggie Betts (director/screenplay); Margaret Qualley, Melissa Leo, Morgan Saylor, Dianna Agron, Julianne Nicholson, Liana Liberato, Denis O'Hare, Maddie Hasson
plot: This is a story of the effect of Vatican II (1962-65) on the Church, as seen in one convent, through the eyes of the tough old-fashioned Mother Superior, the kinder, younger, and more modern nuns, and the Postulants and Novitiates, particularly Sister Cathleen.
Cathleen Harris was born in Tennessee in the 1950s. Her mother, Nora, a factory worker, is non-religious but wanted to show Cathleen a church and let her make her own decision. Cathleen's father, Chuck, comes home late, drunk, and argues with his wife. Finally, Chuck leaves home, Nora supports herself, and picks up a series of men for one-night stands.
Cathleen says she is looking for love, and finds it in the Catholic church. The Catholic school offers her a full scholarship, where a young nun befriends her and describes how she is married to Christ. After running into another one of her mother's pickups, Cathleen decides to give her life to God.
With 20 other girls, Cathleen joins the Sisters of the Beloved Rose. She will be a postulant for 6 months, after which she will become a novitiate for a year and a half, and then take her final vows.
The Abbess, Reverend Mother Marie Saint-Clair, is a "tough, old style" Mother Superior, who trains and disciplines the postulants. She leads the postulants through a meeting called the "Chapter of Faults," in which they must publicly confess to all their faults, including the accusations of the other postulants, for which Mother Superior assigns extreme, humiliating penances, including "The Discipline," a knotted whip that they use to flagellate themselves. She makes arbitrary judgments, reduces the postulants to tears, and sends them home from the convent for trivial infractions.
Sister Mary Grace, a young, warm, kind, and progressive nun, is the Postulant Mistress, who tries to make life easier for them. Most of the day is serious and disciplined, but sometimes the postulants fall into girlish activities and giggling.
Mother Superior keeps getting envelopes from Archbishop McCarthy about Vatican II, which she ignores. Sister Mary Grace sees the documents, and says that change would be good. Mother superior cuts her off with, "The Church is perfect exactly the way it is." Later, they argue, and Sister Mary Grace challenges Mother Superior's authority. Sister Mary Grace goes off to pray, and decides to leave the convent.
Finally Archbishop McCarthy pays a visit. He tells Mother Superior that "this order in particular" is having difficulty embracing the changes of Vatican II. She dismisses the "ridiculous reforms." He tells her that if she can't adopt to the changes, she will be replaced. As for "that old medieval stuff," the extreme penances, "That's gotta stop."
Mother Superior is devastated. Her world has changed. She fears God has abandoned her. At the Chapter of Faults, a novice confesses that she questions whether God is real. Mother Superior tells her she's tired of hearing her spiritual wretchedness and assigns her to no penance at all.
Eventually, Mother Superior calls the congregation and reads aloud the Archbishop's memo about Vatican II. Priests will read the Mass in English, and face the congregation. Catholics must embrace religious tolerance. Nuns are no longer required to wear habits, but can wear whatever they want – and their status is now reduced and equal to any Catholic. Extreme punishments and suffering are forbidden. They are not an act of love, or desired by God.
Of the original 20 postulants, only 5 are left to profess their final vows. The priest asks one of the noviates the ritual question, "What do you seek." She answers that she wants to take her vows and marry Jesus Christ.
He asks Cathleen. She answers, "I seek something more."[3][4][1]



year: 2017
title: Thor: Ragnarok
director: Taika Waititi
cast: Taika Waititi (director); Eric Pearson (screenplay); Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Idris Elba, Jeff Goldblum, Tessa Thompson, Karl Urban, Mark Ruffalo, Anthony Hopkins
plot: Two years after the battle of Sokovia,[N 1] Thor has been unsuccessfully searching for the Infinity Stones, and is now imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur in Muspelheim. Surtur reveals that Thor's father Odin is no longer on Asgard, and that the realm will soon be destroyed in the prophesied Ragnarök, once Surtur unites his crown with the Eternal Flame that burns in Odin's vault. Thor defeats Surtur and claims his crown, believing he has prevented Ragnarök.
Thor returns to Asgard to find his brother Loki posing as Odin. Thor forces Loki to help him find their father, and with directions from Stephen Strange on Earth, they locate Odin in Norway. Odin explains that he is dying, and that his passing will allow his firstborn child, Hela, to escape from a prison she was sealed in long ago. Hela had been the leader of Asgard's armies, and had conquered the Nine Realms with Odin, but she had been imprisoned and written out of history after Odin feared that she had become too ambitious. Odin subsequently dies, and Hela, released from her imprisonment, appears. She destroys Thor's hammer Mjolnir, and when Thor and Loki attempt to flee through the Bifröst Bridge, she pursues them and forces them out into space to die. Hela arrives in Asgard, destroying its army and killing the Warriors Three. She then resurrects the ancient dead who once fought with her, including her giant wolf Fenris and appoints the Asgardian Skurge as her executioner. Hela plans to use the Bifröst to expand Asgard's empire, but Heimdall covertly steals the sword that controls the Bridge, and hides away with the rest of Asgard's citizens.
Thor crash-lands on Sakaar, a garbage planet surrounded by wormholes. A slave trader designated Scrapper 142 subdues him with an obedience disk and sells him as a gladiator to Sakaar's ruler, the Grandmaster, with whom Loki has already become ingratiated. Thor recognizes 142 as one of the Valkyrior, a legendary force of female warriors who were killed defending Asgard from Hela long ago. Thor is forced to compete in the Grandmaster's Contest of Champions, facing his old friend Hulk. Summoning lightning, Thor gets the upper hand on Hulk, but the Grandmaster sabotages the fight to ensure Hulk's victory. Still enslaved, Thor attempts to convince Hulk and 142 to help him save Asgard, but neither is willing. He soon manages to escape the palace and finds the Quinjet that brought Hulk to Sakaar. Hulk follows Thor to the Quinjet, where a recording of Natasha Romanoff makes him transform back into Bruce Banner for the first time since Sokovia.
The Grandmaster orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and Hulk, but the pair come to blows and Loki forces her to relive the deaths of her fellow Valkyrior at the hands of Hela. Deciding to help Thor, she takes Loki captive to prove her goodwill. Unwilling to be left behind, Loki provides the group with the means to steal one of the Grandmaster's ships. They then liberate the other gladiators who, led by Korg and Miek, stage a revolution. Loki attempts to again betray his brother to gain a reward from the Grandmaster, but Thor anticipates this and leaves him behind, where Korg and the gladiators soon find him. Thor, Banner, and 142 escape through a wormhole to Asgard, where Hela's forces are attacking Heimdall and Asgard's citizens for the sword that controls the Bifröst. Banner becomes Hulk again, defeating Fenris, while Thor and 142 battle Skurge and the resurrected warriors. Loki and the gladiators arrive to help, and the citizens board their ship; a repentant Skurge sacrifices himself to allow their escape. Thor, facing Hela, loses his right eye and then has a vision of Odin that helps him realize only Ragnarök can stop her. While Hela is distracted, Loki locates Surtur's crown and places it in the Eternal Flame. Surtur is reborn and destroys Asgard, seemingly killing Hela.
Thor and the others escape with Asgard's remaining citizens aboard the Grandmaster's vessel. Thor, crowned king, decides to take his people to Earth. In a mid-credits scene, they are intercepted by a large spacecraft.[N 2] In a post-credits scene, the Grandmaster encounters a group of his former subjects, who are still rebelling.



year: 2017
title: The Disaster Artist
director: James Franco
cast: James Franco (director); Scott Neustadter, Michael H. Weber (screenplay); James Franco, Dave Franco, Seth Rogen, Alison Brie, Ari Graynor, Josh Hutcherson, Jacki Weaver
plot: San Francisco, 1998: 19-year-old Greg Sestero meets Tommy Wiseau in acting classes with Jean Shelton. Shelton criticizes Tommy's protracted performance of a scene from A Streetcar Named Desire, but Greg is impressed by Tommy's fearlessness and the two become friends. On Tommy's suggestion, they move to Los Angeles to pursue acting careers. Sestero discovers that Wiseau can afford apartments in both San Francisco and Los Angeles, but Wiseau will not discuss his personal life nor the source of his wealth.
Greg signs with Iris Burton, a talent agent, while Tommy faces rejection from agencies, casting directors, and Hollywood insiders. Greg develops a relationship with Amber, whom he meets at her job at a nightclub, and Tommy grows jealous; as he fails to find work, he becomes disheartened. As Greg's auditions also dry up, he shares his frustrations with Tommy, who decides to make a movie for them both to star in.
Tommy writes a screenplay titled The Room, a melodrama about a love triangle between banker Johnny (played by Tommy), his fiancée Lisa and his best friend Mark. Greg reluctantly accepts the role of Mark and an associate producer credit. They rent out a production house; Tommy insists on buying all the production equipment and shooting the film on 35 mm film and HD Digital simultaneously, costly and unnecessary measures. The employees introduce Tommy to Raphael Smadja and Sandy Schklair, who work as his cinematographer and script supervisor respectively.
Production starts smoothly, but Tommy is difficult to work with. He forgets his lines, arrives late, and refuses to supply his crew with basic needs such as drinking water, even as an actor faints. During preparation for a sex scene, Tommy humiliates actress Juliette Danielle by pointing out her acne to the crew. Having filmed extensive behind-the-scenes footage, Tommy reveals that he knows everybody hates him, and believes that nobody, including Greg, supports his vision.
Greg and Amber run into Malcolm in the Middle star Bryan Cranston, who invites Greg to fill in for a small lumberjack part in a Malcolm episode. The part requires a beard; as Greg is due to shave his beard for The Room, he begs Tommy to postpone shooting, but Tommy refuses. On the last day of shooting, Greg accuses Tommy of being selfish and duplicitous throughout their friendship, and questions his real age and origins, before storming off set.
Eight months later, Amber and Greg have split up and Greg is working in theatre. Tommy invites Greg to the premiere of The Room; to his surprise, the entire cast and crew attend. The audience react first with horror then laughter at the film. Tommy bursts into tears and walks out, but Greg comforts him, telling him they have delighted the audience, not angered them. With a renewed mindset, Tommy returns to the theater as the credits roll, takes credit for his "comedic" movie, and receives a standing ovation.
Real-life clips of Wiseau attending screenings of The Room play, and title cards explain that the film made $1,800 against its reported $6 million budget during its initial release (Wiseau kept it running for two weeks, allegedly to qualify for the Academy Awards), but it has since become a profitable cult film. Wiseau and Sestero remain friends and, to this day, Wiseau's age, past life and source of income remain a mystery. Scenes from The Room are then compared side-by-side with reenactments of the scenes performed by The Disaster Artist's cast.
In a post-credits scene, Wiseau has an odd verbal exchange with a party goer (played by the real Wiseau), who offers to hang out, but Wiseau refuses.



year: 2017
title: Hostiles
director: Scott Cooper
cast: Scott Cooper (director/screenplay); Donald E. Stewart (screenplay); Christian Bale, Rosamund Pike, Wes Studi, Q'orianka Kilcher, Ben Foster, Adam Beach, Rory Cochrane, Jesse Plemons, Timothée Chalamet
plot: In 1892, settler Wesley Quaid and his family are attacked by a Comanche war group proceeding to kill and scalp him and to shoot his three children. Only his wife Rosalee manages to escape from the attack, hiding in a small rock outcrop in the forest.
In Fort Berringer, New Mexico, Captain Joseph Blocker rounds up an escaping Apache family and brings them back to the fort. He is then called to the office of Colonel Abraham Biggs, who informs him of his final orders before retirement, based on a directive from the President: escort dying Cheyenne war chief Yellow Hawk, along with his family, back to their tribal lands in Montana. Under threat of a court-martial and loss of his pension if he refuses to follow the orders, Blocker reluctantly accepts, despite his own gory history with the chief, who was responsible for the death of several of his friends and comrades. Blocker chooses the detail that will accompany him: his trusty old friend Sergeant Thomas Metz, long-time aide Corporal Woodson, and promising newcomer Lieutenant Kidder, fresh from West Point. Biggs also assigns to the detail a young French-speaking recruit, Private DeJardin.
They begin their journey but Blocker orders a stop and has the two native men put in chains. The group comes across the charred Quaid house and dead settler. Inside the house they find Rosalee and her three "sleeping" children. Rosalee is initially hostile towards the Cheyenne family because of the attack on her family but agrees to sleep in their camp after some coaxing from Blocker. She's convinced to bury her family and join Blocker's detail until their next stop-over. They are soon ambushed by the Comanche party, resulting in DeJardin's death and Woodson being seriously wounded. After this attack, Yellow Hawk convinces Blocker that it is in everyone's best interest to unchain him and his family. The next day, the bodies of the surviving Comanche party, who had managed to flee during their previous encounter, are discovered dead. Blocker deduces that Yellow Hawk and his son, Black Hawk, killed them thanks to Metz allowing them to leave the camp during the night.
After a brief stop at Fort Winslow in Colorado to drop off the wounded Woodson and Rosalee, Blocker is instructed to take disgraced Sergeant Charles Wills, who killed a family with an ax, to be court-martialed and hanged at a stop at his original post along the way to Montana. Joining Blocker’s company to oversee Wills are Corporal Tommy Thomas and Sergeant Malloy. Meanwhile, Rosalee decides to continue on with Blocker, despite being offered sanctuary at Fort Winslow until the next supply train at Christmas. One night, the women are abducted and raped by three fur traders as they wash dishes in the stream by their camp. The company, assisted by Yellow Hawk and Black Hawk, manages to track down the fur traders and slaughter them to rescue the women; however, Sergeant Malloy is killed. During a downpour, Wills manages to fool Kidder into sympathetically undoing his chains, only to kill him and escape but not before Blocker shoots him. He is later tracked down by Metz, who then takes his own life, succumbing to decades of PTSD.
Blocker arrives with the dying chief at his tribal lands in Montana where he dies and is buried. The white landowner and his three sons arrive to the place as the chief is buried and threatens Blocker and the rest of the group for burying an Indian on his land. Blocker tells the landowner that the chief is not leaving the land. The confrontation results in a brutal gun battle killing Black Hawk, his wife Elk Woman, his sister Living Woman, and Corporal Tommy Thomas, while leaving alive only Blocker, Rosalee, and Black Hawk's young son, Little Bear. In the final scene, Rosalee and Little Bear reluctantly depart on a train from Montana to Chicago, without Blocker, but, at the last second, Blocker jumps on the back of the train.



year: 2017
title: Daddy's Home 2
director: Sean Anders
cast: Sean Anders (director/screenplay), John Morris (screenplay); Will Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Linda Cardellini, John Cena, Mel Gibson, John Lithgow
plot: After finally becoming friends at the end of the first film, Brad Whittaker and Dusty Mayron have a co-dad system where their two children, Megan and Dylan, take turns at each father's house. Dusty has also remarried, this time to Karen, a writer, and is stepdad to Adrianna, Karen's daughter.
Brad and his wife, Sara, along with Dusty and Karen, attend a school play for Megan, where she announces to the whole audience that she doesn't like the fact that she has to go back and forth to different houses all the time. Back at the house, after the play, Brad and Dusty decide to do away with having two separate Christmases and instead do one "together Christmas". Dusty, however, finds out his tough fighter pilot/astronaut father Kurt (Mel Gibson) is coming for Christmas.
At the airport the next day, Dusty tells Brad that his father is going to make fun of them since he won't understand their co-dad arrangement. When Kurt arrives, he mistakes Brad for a chauffeur. When Dusty explains that Brad is the stepdad to his children, Kurt doesn't like it. Brad's overbearing and over-cheerful dad, Don, arrives next, unnerving Kurt. Don tells Brad that his mother didn't come along, because she is taking care of Brad's Uncle who isn't feeling well.
Back at the house, Megan and Dylan warmly embrace Don, since he is very present in their lives, while Kurt hasn't seen the children since they were toddlers. Kurt rents a large cabin through Airbnb, to house all of them through the holiday week. As Brad and Dusty pack the bags into the car, Dusty tells Brad that Kurt thinks the two men are harboring bad feelings for each other, but are just hiding it from everyone by pretending to be friends. When Kurt comes up, they change the subject.
Throughout the week, Brad and Dusty's co-dad relationship is put to the test by Kurt's meddling. Meanwhile, Dusty tries to get close to his stepdaughter, Adrianna, but she doesn't like him and repeatedly tells him that he isn't her father. Sara also tries to bond with Karen but is taken aback by some of Karen's actions, like shoplifting clothes from a store. Dylan develops a crush on a little girl staying in the cabin next door. He gets made fun of it by Megan and Adrianna.
The next day, the family goes out to take the kids to see Santa. While there, Kurt convinces Dylan to ask Santa for a shotgun, which he does ask for. Brad and Sara tell Dylan that a shotgun for hunting means that a poor innocent animal will lose its life. This convinces Dylan to change his mind, but Megan instead decides she wants to go hunting. While out hunting the next day, Megan accidentally shoots Kurt in the shoulder, sending him to the hospital.
At the hospital, Dusty and Kurt begin to bond after they almost begin fighting when Kurt tries to leave the hospital. That night, Brad, Dusty, Don & Kurt go to an improv comedy club where the four men are relaxing and having a good time watching the show. Kurt gets up to go get another drink at the bar. Dusty sees Kurt picking up a woman at the bar and leaves with her. Brad enters Don into the improv show, and Dusty chooses a topic of a husband confronting his cheating wife as the subject of an improv skit. As the skit progresses, it is revealed that Don has separated from his wife in real life. The audience believes that this is all part of the show, even when Brad tries to tell the audience that it is not.
The next day, Brad confronts Dusty. After Dusty reveals that he chose the infidelity subject for the improv game because he wanted to get back at Brad, because of how Brad has a good relationship with Don. Brad says he knows that is why Dusty chose that particular topic and to get back at Dusty; Brad has invited Adrianna's real dad, Roger, to the cabin for Christmas.
That evening, the entire family takes part in a Christmas manger representation. Brad gets into a fight with Dusty after Brad wants to play Joseph, which Dusty is currently playing. This breaks out in front of a crowd that is watching. Instead of Dusty fighting Brad, he almost comes to blows with Roger.
The next morning, Christmas Day, the families all pack up to leave. On their way out of town, the families are forced back to town on account of a blizzard. They are forced to take shelter at a movie theater. With every other movie being sold out, due to the huge influx of business from other families seeking shelter at the theater, both families go to see the last movie available: Missile Tow, a fictitious Liam Neeson holiday action film.
When the power cuts off during the movie, the families go to the lobby where each man confronts their father about the secrets, lies, and attitudes. Don confronts Brad about not telling him the truth about his divorce, while Dusty tries to talk to Kurt. When Dylan sees the girl he has a crush on, is also there at the theater, he is teased again by Megan and Adrianna. After remembering some advice given to him by Kurt, Dylan walks toward her to kiss her. All of a sudden, he doesn't kiss her, but instead kisses Adrianna, his stepsister. Roger gets freaked out and attempts to leave with Adrianna, but is confronted by Dusty. He deduces that the reason why Adrianna hasn't warmed up to him is that he has never told her that he loves her, which he does. He also tells Roger that loving Adrianna means loving her real father as well since he is also part of the family. Roger almost leaves without Adrianna, but has a change of heart after everyone breaks out into a song of Do They Know It's Christmas? and decides to stay. Don and Brad also reconcile.
Sometime later, at the airport, Don and Kurt are preparing to leave to head back to their respective homes. Kurt heads with Don up the terminal escalators, where he reveals to Don that he switched out the tickets and they're going to spend New Years in Las Vegas.
As Brad's mom's flight arrives, Dusty and Brad discover that Brad's new stepdad is Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger, the pilot of the "Miracle on the Hudson" flight. Brad and Dusty remember that they watched the film "Sully" together not too long ago and Brad appears to be welcoming towards him. Brad runs down the terminal and says that Sully will never replace his father, because Sully has only one great personal story, whereas his father has thousands of stories.



year: 2017
title: Geostorm
director: Dean Devlin
cast: Dean Devlin (director/screenplay); Paul Guyot (screenplay); Gerard Butler, Abbie Cornish, Alexandra Lara, Jim Sturgess, Amr Waked, Ed Harris, Andy García
plot: In 2019, following many catastrophic natural disasters, an international coalition commissions a system of climate-controlling satellites called "Dutch Boy". After Dutch Boy neutralizes a typhoon in Shanghai, a Senate sub-committee reprimands chief architect Jake Lawson for acting without authorization and replaces him with his brother Max, who works under Secretary of State Leonard Dekkom.
Three years later in 2022, as a UN team stationed in the Registan Desert comes across a frozen village, Makmoud Habib, an engineer working on the International Climate Space Station (ICSS) copies data from the Afghanistan satellite onto a hard drive before being ejected into space. After convincing President Andrew Palma to conduct an investigation, Max persuades Jake to go to the ICSS to investigate. Another satellite increases temperatures in Hong Kong, causing a firenado that nearly kills Max's college friend Cheng Long, the head of Dutch Boy's Hong Kong department.
Jake arrives at ICSS to examine the malfunctioning satellites (which are damaged afterwards and their data erased) with station commander Ute Fassbinder and her crew. Outside the ICSS, they retrieve the hard drive, but hide it from the crew, suspecting a traitor, and recover the data, discovering that a virus has wiped out everyone's login access to the satellite and is causing the malfunctions. Suspecting Palma is using Dutch Boy as a weapon, Jake tells Max he needs to reboot the system, which requires the kill code, held by Palma. The ICSS staff neutralize malfunctioning satellites by deliberately knocking them offline via collisions with replacement satellites.
Back on Earth, Cheng discovers he and Max have lost login access and warns Max of a global cataclysm known as a "Geostorm" if the malfunction continues. Cheng is pursued to Washington, D.C. by a team of rogue government agents, who ultimately cause his death in a traffic incident, but not before he says "Zeus", Discovering Project Zeus simulates extreme weather patterns to create a Geostorm, Max enlists his girlfriend, Secret Service agent Sarah Wilson, to acquire the code.
During the Democratic National Convention in Orlando, Max discovers Orlando is next to be targeted after a massive hailstorm hits Tokyo and part of Rio de Janeiro freezes over. He requests Dekkom's help, but Dekkom instead tries unsuccessfully to kill Max, unveiling himself as the saboteur; Max immediately informs Sarah. The two kidnap Palma to protect him from Dekkom's agents and secure the kill code, which is Palma's biometrics. As they escape from the DNC stadium before a lightning storm destroys it, Max reveals their activities and Dekkom's treachery to Palma. After outsmarting Dekkom's mercenaries, the three arrest and confront Dekkom about his intentions: to decimate America's fellow governments and line of succession, dominating the world.
The ICSS team loses control of all operations as the virus initiates the self-destruct program. As more disasters strike around the world (including tornadoes in Mumbai, a heatwave in Moscow and a tsunami in Dubai), Jake realizes software engineer Duncan is the traitor. In the ensuing confrontation, Duncan accidentally ejects himself into space while Jake escapes. As the crew evacuates, Jake stays behind to ensure the reboot completes. Max and Sarah escort Palma to the Kennedy Space Center, where they transmit the code but learn that the self-destruct sequence can't be stopped. Jake and Ute, who also stayed behind, work together to reboot the system, transferring satellite control to the world's space agencies and preventing the Geostorm at the last second. The two take shelter in a replacement satellite as the self-destruction sequence completes and use its thrusters as a beacon. A nearby shuttle piloted by crew member Hernandez picks them up. Six months later, Jake works as the head engineer for a new system of satellites, which is now administered by an international committee.



year: 2017
title: Pitch Perfect 3
director: Trish Sie
cast: Trish Sie (director); Kay Cannon (screenplay); Anna Kendrick, Anna Camp, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Hailee Steinfeld, Alexis Knapp, Ester Dean, Hana Mae Lee, Chrissie Fit, Kelley Jakle, Shelley Regner
plot: Three years after the events of the second movie, the Bellas have graduated college, but have jobs which they all hate. Desperate to see each other again to sing once more, Beca (Anna Kendrick), Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson), Chloe (Brittany Snow), Aubrey (Anna Camp), Lilly (Hana Mae Lee), Stacie (Alexis Knapp), Cynthia-Rose (Ester Dean), Florencia (Chrissie Fit), Jessica (Kelley Jakle), and Ashley (Shelley Regner) are all thrilled to learn that Emily (Hailee Steinfeld), now a senior at Barden and leader of the Barden Bellas, has seemingly asked for the Bellas to reunite at an event in New York Aquarium to sing with each other once more. Upon arriving at the reunion they are told that the reunion was not for the Bellas to sing together, but to watch Emily sing with the new Bellas.
They later gather at a bar in disappointment and Emily apologizes as she thought it would be the only way for them to see each other again. They all express how much they miss each other. Suddenly, Aubrey convinces them to join a USO performance accessed by her Army officer father. If they win the competition, they get to open for DJ Khaled. The Bellas gladly accept, all except for Stacie who is eight months pregnant at the moment and is unable to go with them. The Bellas later arrive at a hangar where two soldiers, Chicago (Matt Lanter) and Zeke (Troy Ian Hall) introduce them to their competition, revealed to be three other groups who use instruments, unlike the Bellas. When the band Evermoist, led by their leader Calamity (Ruby Rose) begin to mock and belittle the Bellas, the competitors are challenged to a riff-off by the Bellas, who leave defeated when the other groups compete using their musical instruments.
The Bellas are taken to a fancy hotel in Spain, where Chloe begins to catch an eye for Chicago. Fat Amy finds an old stuffed bunny sitting in her bed, which she recognizes as an old toy she used to hold when she was very little as her father Fergus (John Lithgow) sang her to sleep every night. Amy then realizes that her father is staying in the same hotel she is in and is shocked upon the discovery, seeing as how Fergus is a ruthless international crime lord. Later that night, the Bellas are invited to a party at DJ Khaled's suite at the hotel, where Fat Amy splits with the group when she is called to be at a poker tournament. The tournament was set up by Fergus, who promptly begs for Amy to be back in his life. A hesitant Amy finally agrees to do so after seeing how much he has changed. Beca, after having her breasts grabbed by Chloe, who develops a friendship with DJ Khaled's music producer Theo (Guy Burnet), is taken to DJ Khaled's music editing room. Beca produces a mix which impresses Theo who is prompted to send the mix to DJ Khaled. Moments later, the party is thrown into chaos when Aubrey accidentally sets the suite on fire.
The Bellas are left in disgrace after the incident with no hopes of winning the competition until Stacie calls the girls to inform she has given birth to a baby girl and named her Bella. This motivates the Bellas to just perform their hearts out without trying to win. Back at the USO competition, the Bellas perform tremendously to adoring crowds through different performances, repairing their reputation and chances to win in the process. Fergus is accepted by Amy, who believes he came to one of their performances to see her. He accidentally reveals that he has not seen her perform at all, while confessing that he is only trying to acquire an offshore account Amy's mother set up which contains US$180 million. After Amy shuts out Fergus again, Chicago and Zeke escort her away from her father, who swears revenge on her. Meanwhile, only Beca is asked personally by DJ Khaled to open for him, disregarding the other Bellas. Beca politely declines the offer and leaves to her room. Later, the Bellas are taken away by a Frenchman in a dark grey van out onto a yacht in a nearby harbor. The yacht belongs to Fergus, who is using the Bellas as a means to get Amy to come for him. Amy and Beca hear of the kidnapping and decide to rescue the Bellas. Beca distracts Fergus by having the Bellas perform "Toxic" for him and two of his men, just as Amy sets the yacht to explode. The Bellas escape the yacht just before it blows. Fergus survives the explosion and is arrested for his crimes.
After the Bellas are rescued by the military, Fat Amy reveals DJ Khaled's proposition to Beca to the others. They encourage her to take the chance, and they all agree that now it's time to move on with their lives, with Amy using her bank account for multiple tributes to singers named Amy, Aubrey trying to be a birthing coach, Flo's juice cart becoming part of an international brand, Chloe getting accepted into vet school, Cynthia-Rose staying at the base to get into flight school, Emily going back to Barden to prepare for her upcoming abnormal psychology test while continuing her songwriting, and Lilly revealing that the reason she was quiet was because she was possessed by Satan and the yacht incident snapped her out of it, and that her real name is Ester. They know very well they'll be separated, but still be connected to each other as a family. Later at the USO's final performance, Beca opens for DJ Khaled and sings on stage, and afterwards brings up the Bellas onstage for the girls to sing their final performance with the other competitors gladly watching the Bellas sing "Freedom! '90" to their hearts' content.
Gail (Elizabeth Banks) and John (John Michael Higgins) (who were the Bellas' public announcers in the previous installments) finish filming the Bellas as part of a documentary they have been making about the girls throughout the whole film, only to be appalled when John realizes they didn't record the Bellas' final performance, which was supposed to be the documentary's big ending. A series of mid credit scenes reveal the Bellas' separate story arcs closed out to their mostly happy endings, with Lilly hanging around with DJ Dragon Nutz, whom she flirted with earlier, Aubrey reconnects with her father and Chloe and Chicago share a passionate kiss, much to the amusement of Beca, who is now the boss of Theo.



year: 2017
title: Amityville: The Awakening
director: Franck Khalfoun
cast: Franck Khalfoun (director/screenplay); Bella Thorne, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Cameron Monaghan, Mckenna Grace, Jennifer Morrison, Kurtwood Smith
plot: Teenager Belle Walker moves to 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, Long Island with her mother Joan, little sister Juliet, and brain-dead twin brother, James. The family's impetus for moving there was to be closer to Dr. Milton, a neurologist hoping to treat James, who suffered an accident that has left him on life support. Upon moving in, Juliet tells Belle that James has been talking to her lately, "using a lot of curse words." One night, James flatlines, but is mysteriously revived and opens his eyes.
At school, Belle is taunted by her peers over moving into the home, which she learns was the site of a mass murder by Ronald DeFeo Jr. in 1974. In her bedroom on the third floor, she discovers blood stains from the murder concealed under the wallpaper. One night, Belle invites acquaintances Terrence—an enthusiast on the Amityville haunting—and Marissa, over to watch The Amityville Horror (1979) at the house. At 3:15am in the middle of the film, the power goes out, and the three go into the basement to locate the fuse box, where they are confronted by Joan, who thinks they are intruders.
Dr. Milton, who suspects James may have locked-in syndrome, performs tests on James that show increased function; during the test, he witnesses an apparition of flies filling the room and attacking him, and leaves the house, shaken. James quickly gains the ability to communicate with the family via an AAC computer system that allows him to type by looking at the letters on a screen. Terrence suggests to Belle that James's sudden revival may be a result of possession stemming from the house; he and Belle suspect that a ring on the ground surrounding the house may represent a magic circle.
Belle asks James if someone else is inhabiting his body, and he replies "yes" and "help" via the computer. He asks her to kill him, and she begins to unplug the machine, but he suddenly attacks her. Joan enters the room, and finds that James is now breathing on his own. After finding the red room in the basement, which she believes to be the source of the power, Belle confronts her mother with the theory that the house is possessing James. Joan reveals to her that, having lost her faith in God after the death of her husband and James's subsequent accident, she moved the family to the home hoping to harness the demonic energy there in order to bring James back to life.
That night, as Belle prepares to leave, Joan knocks her unconscious. Belle awakens at 3:15am, just as her aunt Candice arrives at the house. James rises from his bed, and harnesses energy from the red room, which revitalizes his body. Belle makes her way downstairs as Candice enters the house, but James shoots Candice with a shotgun. Belle retrieves Juliet from her room, but is unable to open the front door. Joan is confronted by James in her bedroom; knowing she is facing death, she retrieves her crucifix, and holds it toward James, but he is unaffected; he reminds her that with the loss of her faith in God, He is not able to save her. He shoots Joan in the chest before throwing her on her bed and shooting her in the head. James is able to lure Juliet to the third floor, where he attempts to kill her, but is stopped by Belle, who tackles him, resulting in them both falling from the window. She drags James outside the circle, after which his body withers, and he dies just after telling her "thank you."
A newsreel epilogue reveals that Belle is being questioned in the murders of her mother, aunt, and brother, but that her sister, Juliet, corroborates her story, and that James's fingerprints were discovered on the murder weapon. Another news report comments on yet another tragedy occurring in the Amityville house.



year: 2017
title: Call Me by Your Name
director: Luca Guadagnino
cast: Luca Guadagnino (director); James Ivory (screenplay);Timothée Chalamet, Armie Hammer, Michael Stuhlbarg, Amira Casar, Esther Garrel, Victoire Du Bois
plot: Elio, a 17-year-old Jewish-American-Italian youth, lives with his parents in rural Northern Italy. His father, a professor of archaeology, invites a 24-year-old Jewish-American graduate student, Oliver, to live with him and his family over the summer and help with his academic paperwork. Elio, an introspective bibliophile and musical prodigy, initially finds little in common with Oliver, who has a contrastingly carefree and exuberant personality. Elio resents having to give up his bedroom for Oliver for the duration of his stay. He spends much of the summer reading, playing piano, and hanging out with his girlfriend, Marzia. Oliver is meanwhile attracted to one of the local girls, much to Elio's annoyance.
Elio and Oliver begin a seductive courtship: they swim together, go for long walks into town, and accompany Elio's father on an archaeological trip. Elio begins a sexual relationship with Marzia and brags about it in front of Oliver to gauge his reaction, but nonetheless finds himself increasingly attracted to Oliver. He sneaks into Oliver's room to smell his bathing suit, and thinks about him while masturbating. During a trip to the post office, Elio confesses his feelings to Oliver, who tells him he should not act on them. Later that day, Elio and Oliver kiss, but Oliver is reluctant to go any further. The two grow distant.
In response to a note from Elio, Oliver leaves a note on Elio's desk telling Elio to meet him at midnight. Elio spends the day with Marzia but longs to see Oliver. At midnight, he approaches Oliver and they have sex. They become more physically and emotionally intimate over the next few days, having sex frequently while keeping their relationship secret. Smitten with Oliver by this point, Elio starts avoiding Marzia.
As the end of Oliver's stay approaches, the couple find themselves overcome by uncertainty and longing. Elio's parents, who are aware of the bond between the two, recommend they visit Bergamo together before Oliver returns to the United States. After spending three romantic days together, Elio, heartbroken, calls his mother and asks her to pick him up and take him home. Marzia, who still wants to be friends with Elio, is sympathetic; his father, seeing Elio's sadness, tells him he was aware of their relationship, confesses to almost having had a similar relationship in his own youth, and urges Elio to find pleasure in his grief.
During Hanukkah, Oliver telephones Elio and his family to tell them he is engaged to be married. Oliver tells Elio he "remembers everything" very clearly. After the call, Elio sits by the fireplace, distraught, as his parents and the house staff prepare a holiday dinner.



year: 2017
title: Suburbicon
director: George Clooney
cast: George Clooney (director/screenplay); Joel Coen, Ethan Coen, Grant Heslov (screenplay); Matt Damon, Julianne Moore, Oscar Isaac
plot: In 1959, the peaceful, all-white neighborhood of Suburbicon is shaken up by the arrival of an African-American family, the Mayers.
Gardner Lodge, a mild-mannered man, is the father of a family in Suburbicon. One night, the home of the Lodge family is broken into by two robbers. The robbers tie the entire family up and kill the matriarch, Rose, with an overdose of chloroform. Her twin sister, Margaret, moves in to help take care of Nicky, the child of the family. Soon after her arrival, she begins to transform herself into Rose, dyeing her hair and having sex with Gardner.
As tensions mount between the residents of Suburbicon and their new African-American neighbors, charismatic insurance agent Bud Cooper arrives one day when Gardner is not home and begins asking Margaret questions, looking to clear up red flags in a life insurance claim made on Rose by Gardner shortly after her death. The conversation starts out innocuously enough, but Cooper grows suspicious when Margaret refers to herself and Gardner as a couple, after which Margaret kicks him out of the house.
Meanwhile, the two robbers who killed Rose are angry at Gardner after Nicky sneaks into the viewing room for a police lineup, where Gardner and Margaret denied that the two robbers were the ones who broke into their home. They are also mad that Gardner has not paid them a sum of money they were promised for killing Rose, and grow impatient when they are unable to reach him by phone. They make a plan to return to Gardner's house and kill Nicky and Margaret.
That night, as a prolonged protest at the home of the new African-American residents turns into a small-scale riot, Cooper returns to talk directly to Gardner. He tells Gardner that he knows the nature of his and Margaret's insurance fraud plan and attempts to blackmail them into giving him their entire payout in exchange for his silence. Margaret poisons his coffee with lye, and Gardner stabs him with a fireplace poker to finish him off. Gardner leaves to hide his body, trailed by one of the two robbers.
Margaret attempts to poison Nicky with a sandwich after he eavesdropped on her conversation with Cooper and contacted his Uncle Mitch for help. The increasingly suspicious Nicky does not eat the sandwich, and as Margaret is admitting defeat, one of the robbers strangles her to death before heading upstairs to deal with Nicky, who is saved by the arrival of Mitch. Mitch gives Nicky a gun and hides him in the closet before succumbing to a stab wound given to him by the now-dead robber.
On the way home from disposing of Cooper's body, Gardner is taunted by the other robber, who is suddenly killed by a fire truck. Arriving home, he finds the bodies of Margaret, Mitch, and the robber, and gets Nicky out of the closet. He offers Nicky a choice: go along with his plan to cash out an insurance claim and use the money to run away to Aruba, or be killed by Gardner.
The next morning, Gardner is dead, having eaten Margaret's poisoned sandwich during his conversation with Nicky. Nicky calmly goes outside to play ball with Andy, the son in the African-American family, as they are cleaning up the remnants of the previous night's riot.



year: 2017
title: Mayhem
director: Joe Lynch
cast: Joe Lynch (director); Matias Caruso (screenplay); Steven Yeun, Samara Weaving, Steven Brand, Caroline Chikezie, Kerry Fox, Dallas Roberts
plot: Derek Cho, the film's protagonist, tells the audience about the ID-7 virus, or "Red Eye" virus, that has been spreading throughout the world. It infects neural pathways, removing all inhibition and moral integrity, and in turn, causing people to act out their darkest impulses. While the virus is not lethal, those infected by the virus may find themselves driven to kill. The first known case of murder driven by ID-7 was committed by Nevil Reed, who stabbed a coworker, but was not deemed liable due to the influence of the virus. Derek, a lawyer at Towers and Smythe Consulting, works for the firm that handled Reed's case; he began his job full of optimism, but ended up back-stabbing, cheating, and finding loophole after loophole in order to work his way up the corporate ladder and get a corner office.
One morning, Derek goes into work to find that his favorite mug is missing, and meets with a furious client - Melanie Cross - who needs more time on a loan, but thinks he's unable to help her. After discovering that a bungled legal case for massive company Vandacorp has been pinned on him by his superior Cara (called "The Siren", as she always has the boss's ear), Derek confronts her and finds that she has taken his mug. They go up to their boss John Towers' office to plead their cases, but Cara wins the boss over and has Derek laid off. Derek's friend Ewan is unable to help him, and he is given official notice of his firing by his coworker "The Reaper". Derek takes his things and is escorted downstairs by company security, dejected and afraid of being disbarred.
When Derek reaches the ground floor, he and the security guards find that the building is under quarantine; the ID-7 virus has been detected in the ventilation system. CDC agents have released a neutralizing agent into the building, estimating that it will take eight hours for the virus to be obliterated. Derek, realizing he's infected by the virus and will not be liable for anything he does, attacks the security guards and storms into the elevator, intending to get upstairs and kill his boss; however, he's sent down to the basement and beaten up by Towers' enforcer, "The Bull". The Bull kills Ewan by mistake, infuriating Derek further.
Derek is thrown into an empty office with Melanie, who is also infected. After Derek manages to get a phone call out to Vandacorp and ensure his innocence in the mis-handled case, the two decide to work together, break out of the basement, and kill the people on the top floor responsible for their respective bad situations. They first go up to The Reaper and kill two security guards to get to him, witnessing general mayhem along the way. The Reaper gives them his key card, but attacks Melanie, who kills him with a power saw. Derek and Melanie use the key card to get up to The Siren's office and take down an army of coworkers defending her. The Siren asks her long-suffering assistant Meg to get the key card for her, but Meg has destroyed it in a microwave, having been offered a promotion from upstairs to betray The Siren. Her work done, Meg kills The Siren with a pair of scissors, and Derek and Melanie go down to IT to come up with another plan to get up to the top floor.
Derek and Melanie convince the company's one IT worker to hack their other boss Irene Smythe's computer to get her to come down; Smythe is the one who denied Melanie the extension on her loan. Smythe agrees to give Derek her key card in exchange for Melanie. Derek agrees and restrains Melanie, but undoes the bolts on the chair Melanie is fastened to, allowing her to kill Irene and escape. On the top floor, Towers offers Derek a full partnership if he gives up his revenge mission. Derek refuses and fights his boss; the company's board of directors give him permission to kill Towers, and Derek shoves him over a railing, sending him falling from the penthouse to the ground and his death just as the quarantine is lifted and the virus is eradicated.
Derek takes a higher position in the firm for just long enough to sign off on the extension on Melanie's loan, then quits the company and takes up painting with Melanie. He advises the audience to take control of their own lives before it's too late, accompanied by a shot of Towers' body hitting the ground with a splat.



year: 2017
title: All the Money in the World
director: Ridley Scott
cast: Ridley Scott (director); David Scarpa (screenplay); Michelle Williams, Mark Wahlberg, Christopher Plummer, Timothy Hutton, Charlie Plummer
plot: In 1973, 16-year-old John Paul Getty III (Paul), grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty who was at that time the world's richest private citizen, is kidnapped in Rome by an organized crime ring. The kidnappers demand a ransom of $17 million. Flashbacks show that Paul's parents, Gail Harris and John Paul Getty Jr., were divorced in 1971 due to Getty Jr.'s drug addiction and that Gail rejected any alimony in exchange for full custody of her children in the divorce settlement; therefore she does not have the means to pay the ransom. She travels to Getty's estate to beseech him to pay the ransom but he refuses, stating that it would encourage further kidnappings on his family members. The media picks up on the story, with many believing Gail to be rich herself and blaming her for the refusal to pay the ransom. Meanwhile, Getty asks Fletcher Chace, a Getty Oil negotiator and former CIA operative, to investigate the case and secure Paul's release.
Paul is kept hostage in a remote location in Italy. Initially his captors, particularly Cinquanta, are tolerant with him because his quiet and submissive demeanor causes them few problems. However, things grow increasingly tense as weeks go by without the ransom being paid, far longer than the captors anticipated. Arguments arise over whether to move Paul to a new location as winter is approaching and their hideout is not suitable for cold conditions. Things get worse when one of the kidnappers accidentally shows his face to Paul, prompting one of the others to kill the man for his foolish mistake. His burned and disfigured body is recovered in the river; investigators erroneously identify the body as Paul's, but Gail examines the body and refutes this.
Using the new lead of the body, Chace is able to pinpoint the hideout where Paul is being held. A raid is conducted with several kidnappers being killed, but Paul is no longer there; he had been sold on to a new crime organization. The new captors are much less patient with Paul and negotiate more aggressively with the Getty family to receive their payment. After repeated negotiations with Gail and Chace, and frustration from the captors at how long the process was taking, they lower the asking price to $4 million. Getty finally decides to contribute to the ransom, but only $1 million – this being the maximum amount that he can claim as tax deductible. Moreover, he also will only do so if Gail signs a legal document waiving her parental access rights to Paul and her other children, giving them to Getty's son, her ex-husband. She reluctantly signs them.
The kidnappers cut off one of Paul's ears and mail it to a major newspaper, claiming that they will continue mutilating him until the ransom is paid. Berated by an exasperated Chace, Getty finally relents and agrees to pay the full ransom, also voiding the parental agreement with Gail. Gail and Chace take the money to Italy and follow specific instructions from the captors, leaving the money in a remote location and receiving orders to pick up Paul from a construction site. However, a frightened Paul runs away from the site towards the nearest town, miles away. Meanwhile the captors realize that Chace has broken his word and led the police to them; angry, they decide to find and kill Paul. Chace, Gail, and the captors arrive at the town to look for Paul. One of the kidnappers finds Paul first, but Cinquanta attacks the man in order to allow Paul to escape. Chace and Gail find Paul and smuggle him out of the country to safety.
Getty dies of unrelated causes, and Gail is tasked with managing her children's inherited wealth until they are of age. The company was set up as a charitable trust, which meant that Getty's income was tax-free but also not spendable. He had invested much of it in paintings, sculptures and other artifacts, most of them now reside in the Getty Museum in Los Angeles.



year: 2017
title: All I See Is You
director: Marc Forster
cast: Marc Forster (director); Blake Lively, Jason Clarke, Yvonne Strahovski, Danny Huston, Wes Chatham
plot: The plot tells the story of a blind woman Gina (portrayed by Blake Lively) and her husband James (Jason Clarke). When her sight returns after a corneal implant, she begins to discover the previously unseen and disturbing details about themselves, their marriage and their lives.[4][5][6][7]
Gina and James have a happy marriage, despite Gina's dependence on James due to her disability. James appears to enjoy the dependence, saying that it makes him feel needed. As they try for a baby, Gina prepares for an eye transplant, which will restore the sight in one of her eyes. The surgery is a success, and Gina embraces her newfound independence. Immediately, her sex life with James suffers. To put the spark back in their marriage, James books them a holiday to Barcelona, promising Gina that he has reserved the same hotel room they had on their honeymoon. Upon their arrival, Gina claims the room is not the same, which James denies. Gina is later proven to be correct.
After Barcelona, they attempt to have sex on a sleeper train. James, blindfolded, demands to know who Gina fantasises about when she masturbates, seemingly doubtful when she answers that she only thinks of him. James later rewatches a video of the encounter, obsessed with his helplessness and Gina's emotionless face.
Still in Spain, Gina and James arrive at Gina's sister's house. One night, Gina visits a peep show with her sister and brother-in-law but becomes agitated when someone gropes her on the street. James declines their invitation to join and appears uncomfortable when Gina's brother-in-law jokingly suggests that Gina may find someone better-looking.
Back home in Thailand, Gina begins to have trouble with her vision. As her eyesight worsens, it is heavily implied that James is diluting her eye drops with water, thus damaging the transplant. Confused and terrified by her returning blindness, Gina brings her eye drops to her doctor, who promises to test them for contamination. James learns that he is sterile but does not tell Gina.
While James purchases a new house at Gina's insistence, Gina engages in a flirtation with Daniel, an attractive man she has met at the public pool. When her dog overheats during a walk, Daniel offers to take them back to his home for water. There, he and Gina have sex. Gina later reveals to James that she is pregnant, unintentionally confirming her affair as she is unaware of James's infertility. James does not confront her. Similarly, when Gina learns from her doctor that her eye drops have been tampered with, she does not confront James. Their home is broken into and their dog is stolen.
Some time later, a visibly pregnant Gina has apparently regressed into her former blind self. She and James move into their new house. At one point, James tests Gina's blindness, intentionally hiding from her in plain sight. He makes plans to meet her at a local school for a talent show in which she is performing. While he is gone, Gina receives an anonymous letter, written in crayon, that reveals James was the one who staged the home invasion and released their dog. The writer claims to have rescued the dog but refuses to return it because "when I look into her eyes, she looks back at me, and that is what love is."
James goes to their old apartment to collect the last of his and Gina's belongings. In the bathroom, he uncovers a stash of empty eye drop bottles. He realises that Gina discovered his deception and secretly continued to obtain eye drops from the doctor, meaning that she has been faking her blindness. Gina confirms this when she looks directly at him during the talent show. Distraught, James drives home in tears, impairing his vision and causing him to crash into an oncoming truck.
Home alone, Gina gives birth. She looks into her baby's eyes.



year: 2017
title: Downsizing
director: Alexander Payne
cast: Alexander Payne (director/screenplay); Jim Taylor (screenplay); Matt Damon, Christoph Waltz, Hong Chau, Kristen Wiig
plot: In the future, searching for a way to solve overpopulation and global warming, a scientist invents "downsizing", a process to shrink people to a height of five inches. Paul and Audrey Safranek, a married couple in Omaha with financial problems, meet Dave and Carol Johnson, who have downsized. While the inventors advocate that downsizing is environmentally friendly through the reduction of waste, Dave argues that its benefits extend far beyond that and improve one's life through the increase in value of their money.
Exploring the possibilities of downsizing, Paul and Audrey agree to undergo the process and move to Leisureland, one of the most popular communities for small individuals. After undergoing downsizing, Paul receives a call from Audrey, saying that she was unable to go through the procedure and, by opting out at the last minute, will be leaving him.
One year later, Paul finalizes the divorce with Audrey, and settles in to his new apartment (ironically, a downsizing of its own from the mansion he was to originally share with Audrey). Although Paul had anticipated a life of relative ease, without Audrey's share of their assets, and with Paul's share shrunken further still due to divorce settlement negotiations, he works as a customer service representative for Lands' End. While attending a birthday party, Paul has a discussion with Dave and says that he regrets his decision to downsize. Soon after, Paul breaks up with his girlfriend and attends a party hosted by his neighbor Dušan.
The next morning, Paul notices that one of Dušan's housecleaners is Ngoc Lan Tran, a Vietnamese political activist who was jailed and downsized against her will. Ngoc Lan was the sole survivor of a human smuggling attempt to the United States in a television box and had her leg amputated upon arrival. Attempting to assist Ngoc Lan with her prosthetic leg, Paul returns to her house in the slums outside of the walls of Leisureland. After assisting Ngoc Lan's dying friend, Paul attempts to repair Ngoc Lan's prosthetic leg only to break it and render her unable to work. In return, Paul works for Ngoc Lan's cleaning service where he also assists in gathering food from around the city that Ngoc Lan distributes throughout the slums. Dušan attempts to release Paul from his obligation by taking him to Norway, the site of the first small community, with his friend Joris Konrad, but Ngoc Lan also wishes to come along. Ngoc Lan had received international attention after her arrival in the United States, including personal correspondence from the inventor of downsizing, Dr. Jørgen Asbjørnsen, who had previously invited her to Norway to express his regret at the abuse of his procedure.
While traveling in a fjord, Paul's boat encounters Dr. Asbjørnsen and his wife, Anne-Helene. Dr. Asbjørnsen announces that humanity is doomed, as the positive feedback of Arctic methane emissions cannot be stopped, and will result in the eventual extinction of the human race. Arriving in the first colony, Paul is shown that Dr. Asbjørnsen planned for such a contingency with the creation of a large vault inside a mountain to insulate the colony and preserve humanity in the event of an extinction. Paul is excited to enter the vault and asks Ngoc Lan to join him. She rejects his offer, saying that he does not need to enter the vault and can do good in their community by returning. Paul enters the vault, but changes his mind and leaves as the door is closing and subsequently blasted to seal the occupants inside, choosing to return with Ngoc Lan, Dušan, and Konrad.
Having returned to Leisureland, Paul assists Ngoc Lan in her duties of providing needed aid and supplies to the people of the slums.



year: 2017
title: Wonderstruck
director: Todd Haynes
cast: Todd Haynes (director); Brian Selznick (screenplay); Oakes Fegley, Julianne Moore, Millicent Simmonds, Michelle Williams, Jaden Michael, Tom Noonan, James Urbaniak, Amy Hargreaves
plot: The film interlaces two stories set fifty years apart, switching frequently between them. Each tells the story of a child's quest. In 1927, Rose (Simmonds) runs away from her father's New Jersey home to find her mother/idol, the actress Lillian Mayhew (Moore). In 1977, recently orphaned Ben (Fegley) runs away from his Minnesota home in search of his father.[3]



year: 2017
title: Only the Brave
director: Joseph Kosinski
cast: Joseph Kosinski (director); Ken Nolan, Eric Warren Singer (screenplay); Ben Hardy, Jennifer Connelly, Taylor Kitsch, Miles Teller, James Badge Dale, Josh Brolin, Jeff Bridges
plot: Eric "Supe" Marsh, the superintendent of the Prescott Fire and Rescue Crew 7 in Prescott, Arizona, receives a call to assist in the Cave Creek Complex fire north of Phoenix. Due to Crew 7's status as type 2, Eric's careful observation of the fire and his prediction that it will change direction and threaten a nearby neighborhood is ignored by a hot shot crew from California that arrives and takes command. The fire behaves as Marsh anticipated and the neighborhood is destroyed. Eric's wife Amanda suggests he talk to Duane Steinbrink, the city's fire chief, to complete his crew's certification and become hotshots. Duane agrees to set up an evaluation for Crew 7 to obtain their certification, but warns that the crew will likely have to commit to a longer working season in order to make their certification more attractive to the city council. This frustrates Amanda, who resents the already-high amount of focus Eric places on fighting fires, and wants to start a family with her husband.
Meanwhile, Brendan McDonough is unemployed, lives at home, and uses drugs recreationally. He finds out from a friend that his ex-girlfriend Natalie is pregnant and that the baby is his. He confronts her about hiding the pregnancy, but due to his irresponsible lifestyle, she tells him to leave her and the baby alone. Afterward, Brendan is thrown out of a bar and gets arrested for possession. After posting his bail, Brendan's mother kicks him out of the house. Brendan's daughter McKayla is born, but he is still kept at arm's length by Natalie. Wanting to provide for his daughter, he interviews for a job with Crew 7 and is hired despite the reservations of some of the crew. Brendan begins buying groceries and leaving them on the doorstep of Natalie's house.
During training, a wildfire breaks out and Crew 7's evaluation is scheduled. Despite the presence of rookies on the team and a clash of opinion between Eric and the crew's evaluator, Crew 7 passes and becomes the Granite Mountain Hot Shots. Natalie begins to open up to Brendan and agrees to let him spend time with their daughter.
The crew successfully fights several fires, including saving a historic juniper tree, but Brendan is bitten by a rattlesnake while walking the fire line. He is taken to the hospital for treatment but declines the recommended painkillers to avoid a potential relapse. Brendan's roommate and fellow hot shot Chris MacKenzie visits him in the hospital. He is immediately attracted to Brendan's nurse and they begin a relationship. Natalie, McKayla, and Brendan's mother also visit, the latter of whom suggests that Brendan reconsider his career for his daughter's sake. While out with the crew celebrating their recent success, Brendan approaches Eric about transferring to a structure fire crew, angering Eric. He reminds Brendan that his criminal past makes a transfer unlikely if not outright impossible, and he will likely relapse without the sense of purpose being a hot shot provides.
On the way home, Eric and Amanda argue about Eric's attitude about Brendan's sense of priorities and his own reluctance to start a family. Eric gets out of the car and walks to Duane's house where Eric tells Duane about an experience he had fighting a fire in Montana. Eric describes his memory of a bear that ran past him on fire, calling it "the most beautiful and terrible thing I've ever seen." Afterwards, he returns home and tells Amanda he's ready to start a family.
The next morning, Eric receives a call about a fire in Yarnell. He calls in the crew and, on the way to the fire, tells his second-in-command Jesse Steed that he will be stepping down as superintendent at the end of the fire season and that Jesse can have the job if he wants it. The crew deploys to protect Yarnell from the fire, and Eric tells Brendan that he will help him secure a transfer so he can spend more time with his family. The crew begins a controlled burn to contain the fire, but an air tanker mistakes the burn for a secondary fire and extinguishes it. The crew is forced to relocate and make a new fire line, and Brendan is sent to higher ground to serve as a weather lookout. The wind shifts and picks up speed, sending the fire toward Brendan and the crew. Brendan evacuates with the help of another hot shot crew member who gives him a ride to the staging area, and Brendan drives one of their vehicles back to the mobile fire headquarters. The rest of the crew begin to make their way to their designated safe zone.
The fire picks up speed and overtakes the safe zone before the crew can reach it. As Brendan listens on the radio, the hot shots prepare a deployment site and call in an air tanker to cover their position. The tanker overflies the crew, and they deploy their fire shelters. The fire then overtakes the hot shots. Multiple radio calls go out to the Granite Mountain crew. There is no response.
Brendan hears the radio call when the deployment site is discovered and it is confirmed that there are no survivors. The families of the fallen hot shots gather at a local school gymnasium, and word gets out amongst the families that one crew member survived, but they are not told who. Brendan demands to go to the gymnasium and enters to see the families in despair once they realize that Brendan is the lone survivor and their loved ones are dead. Brendan, suffering from survivor's guilt, collapses outside. Amanda follows him and tells him that she is glad he's alive.
Later, Brendan takes his daughter to the juniper tree that was saved by the crew earlier and remembers his fellow hot shots.



year: 2017
title: The Killing of a Sacred Deer
director: Yorgos Lanthimos
cast: Yorgos Lanthimos (director/screenplay); Colin Farrell, Nicole Kidman, Barry Keoghan, Raffey Cassidy, Sunny Suljic, Alicia Silverstone, Bill Camp
plot: Steven Murphy, a skilled cardiothoracic surgeon, finishes an open heart surgery, and later goes to a diner where he meets a teenage boy named Martin. The precise nature of their relationship is unexplained. Afterward, Steven returns home to his wife, Anna, and their children, Kim and Bob. The next day, Steven reveals his connection to Martin, claiming he is a schoolmate of Kim's, when Martin unexpectedly comes to speak with Steven at the hospital. Steven later privately tells Anna that Martin's father died in a car accident ten years earlier, and that he has taken an interest in the boy to help him grieve. At Steven's suggestion, Martin comes to the Murphy household for dinner; Kim seems particularly taken with him.
Martin returns the favor by inviting Steven to his mother's home for dinner. After the meal, Steven attempts to leave, but Martin insists he stay and watch a movie with them. Martin leaves halfway through the film, and his mother makes a romantic advance on Steven, who quickly rebuffs her and goes home. Over the next few days, Martin's demands on Steven's time grow increasingly frequent and desperate, but Steven does not reply. One morning Bob awakens and finds he cannot feel his legs—he has become paralyzed. Steven and Anna rush him to the hospital, where a full neurological examination reveals that nothing is physically wrong. Though he briefly recovers, Bob quickly returns to being unable to walk. While the elder Murphys tend to Bob, Kim meets with Martin for a date.
The next morning, Martin visits Bob in the hospital and demands that Steven speak to him in private. The two retreat to the cafeteria, where Martin reveals the truth: his father did not die immediately, as Steven told his wife, but during surgery that Steven himself performed after the crash. Steven failed to save Martin's father, and the boy bluntly tells Steven that he blames the surgeon for the death. He further explains that, to "balance" the act of destroying a family, Steven must kill one of the members of his own. Martin goes on to explain that he has placed a curse upon the Murphys that will gradually kill them through a series of stages unless Steven makes his choice and murders one of them; the paralysis is the first of these four stages. Steven attempts to dismiss these seemingly wild claims, but later finds that Bob is refusing food—this is the second stage of Martin's curse. Kim later loses the use of her legs during a choir practice and also will not eat.
Kim receives a phone call from Martin at the hospital. During the conversation, Kim abruptly regains the use of her legs, only to lose mobility again when the connection is broken. This seems to convince Anna of Martin's power, and she travels to his home to directly ask why she and her children must suffer for Steven's mistakes. The unrepentant Martin cannot answer, simply remarking that "it's the only thing I can think of that's close to justice". Anna, further suspecting that her formerly alcoholic husband may have imbibed on the day of the operation, speaks to Steven's anesthesiologist, who reveals that Steven did in fact have a few drinks that morning, with Anna sexually gratifying him as payment for the information. At Anna's insistence, the children are transported to their home, where they are continually fed through a nasogastric tube. Anna and Steven fight over the situation, with Steven refusing to believe that anything supernatural is happening. That night, he kidnaps Martin and binds him to a chair in the basement, brutally beating him and demanding that he undo his hold on the children. Martin remains unflappable, warning Steven that time is running out.
Martin's presence only exacerbates the tension in the household: Kim and Bob argue with each other over who their father will choose; Steven tries to gather information to make the decision; and Anna claims that killing one of the children is clearly the only option, as they can have another. Kim attempts to save herself by traveling to the basement to see Martin, demanding that he free her again so that they may run away together. Her strategy fails and she tries to escape herself by crawling through the neighborhood. Steven and Anna save her. The next morning, Anna releases Martin while Steven sleeps, pointing out that holding him captive was of no use. Later that day, Bob begins bleeding from the eyes—the final stage of the curse before death. Rather than choose, Steven binds Kim, Bob, and Anna to chairs in the living room, covers their heads, and pulls a black woolen hat over his own face. He next loads a rifle, spins uncontrollably, and fires. The first two shots miss, but the third pierces Bob's throat and kills him.
Some time later, the family visits the same diner where Steven previously met with Martin. As they sit in silence, Martin enters and stares at them; he and the family briefly lock eyes and Kim begins eating before they stand and leave. Martin gazes after them as they walk through the door.



year: 2017
title: Coco
director: Lee Unkrich
cast: Lee Unkrich (director); Adrian Molina (co-director/screenplay); Matthew Aldrich (screenplay); Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt, Renée Victor, Ana Ofelia Murguia, Edward James Olmos
plot: In Santa Cecilia, Mexico, Imelda Rivera is the wife of a musician, who leaves her and their 3-year-old daughter Coco, to pursue a career in music. When he never returns, Imelda banishes music from her life and that of her family and starts a shoemaking business with her family.
About 96 years later, Imelda's great-great-grandson, 12-year-old Miguel, now lives with Coco and their family. Miguel secretly dreams of becoming a musician like Ernesto de la Cruz, a popular actor and singer of Coco's generation. One day, Miguel inadvertently damages the picture frame holding a photo of Coco with her parents at the center of the family ofrenda and removes the photograph, discovering that his great-great-grandfather (whose face had been torn out) was holding Ernesto's famous guitar.
Concluding that Ernesto is his great-great-grandfather, Miguel leaves to enter a talent show for the Day of the Dead despite the objections of his grandmother Elena. He enters Ernesto's mausoleum and takes his guitar to use in the show, but becomes invisible to everyone in the village plaza. However, he can interact with his Xoloitzcuintli dog Dante and his skeletal dead relatives who are visiting from the Land of the Dead for the holiday. Taking him there, they realize that Imelda cannot visit, as Miguel removed her photo from the ofrenda. Discovering that he is cursed for stealing from the dead, Miguel must return to the Land of the Living before sunrise or he will become one of the dead; to do so, he must receive a blessing from a member of his family using an Aztec marigold petal that can undo the curse placed upon him when he stole Ernesto's guitar. Imelda offers Miguel a blessing, but on the condition that he abandon his musical pursuits when he returns to the Land of the Living. Miguel refuses and attempts to seek Ernesto's blessing.
Miguel encounters Héctor, a down-on-his-luck skeleton who once played music with Ernesto, and offers to help Miguel reach him. In return, Héctor asks Miguel to take his photo back to the Land of the Living so he can visit his daughter before she forgets him and he disappears completely. Upon learning he has other relatives, however, Héctor attempts to return Miguel to them, but Miguel escapes and infiltrates Ernesto's mansion, learning along the way that an old friendship between the two deteriorated before Héctor's death. Ernesto welcomes Miguel as his descendant, but Héctor confronts them, imploring Miguel to take his photo to the Land of the Living. After an argument between Ernesto and Héctor, Miguel soon realizes that Ernesto murdered Héctor using a poisoned drink and stole the songs Héctor had written, passing them off as his own to become famous.
To maintain his legacy, Ernesto steals the photo and has Miguel and Héctor thrown into a cenote pit. Miguel realizes that Héctor is his actual great-great-grandfather and that Coco is Héctor's daughter, the only living person who still remembers him. With the help of Dante – who turns into an alebrije – the dead Riveras find and rescue the duo. Miguel reveals that Héctor's decision to return home to Imelda and Coco resulted in his death, and Imelda and Héctor gradually reconcile. They infiltrate Ernesto's sunrise concert to retrieve Héctor's photo from Ernesto and his crimes are revealed to everyone. Ernesto is crushed by a falling church bell as in his previous life, but Héctor's photo falls into the water and disappears.
As the sun rises, Héctor is in danger of being forgotten by Coco and disappearing. Imelda and Héctor bless Miguel with no conditions attached so he can return to the Land of the Living to try and help Coco remember her father. Miguel plays "Remember Me", a song Héctor wrote for her during her childhood. The song revitalizes her memory of Héctor, and she gives Miguel the torn-out piece of the photo from the ofrenda, which shows Héctor's face, and tells her family stories about her father, thus keeping the memory of him alive. Elena reconciles with Miguel, accepting music back into the family.
One year later, Miguel proudly presents the family ofrenda – including the restored photo of Héctor and Imelda – to his new baby sister Socorro as Elena adds a photo of the now-deceased Coco. Letters kept by Coco contain evidence that Ernesto stole Héctor's songs. As a result, Ernesto's legacy is destroyed, and the community honors Héctor instead. In the Land of the Dead, Héctor and Imelda join Coco for a visit to the living Riveras as Miguel sings and plays for his dead and living relatives.



year: 2017
title: Phantom Thread
director: Paul Thomas Anderson
cast: Paul Thomas Anderson (director/screenplay); Daniel Day-Lewis, Lesley Manville, Richard Graham, Vicky Krieps
plot: In 1954 London, renowned fashion designer Reynolds Woodcock creates dresses for members of high society. His charisma and genius are matched by his obsessive, controlling and sometimes abusive personality. Cyril, his sister, manages the day-to-day operations of his fashion house and has significant influence over his life. Reynolds is haunted by the death of their mother, and stitches hidden messages into the linings of the dresses he makes.
After designing a new gown for a revered client, Reynolds visits a restaurant in the countryside and becomes interested in a waitress, Alma. He asks her on a date, and she accepts. Their relationship develops, and she moves in with him, becoming his assistant, muse and lover. Cyril initially distrusts Alma but comes to respect her willfulness and determination.
At first, Alma enjoys being a part of Reynolds' work, but he proves aloof and hard to please, and they bicker. When Alma tries to surprise him with a romantic dinner, Reynolds lashes out and they fight. Alma wonders aloud what she is doing in his house beyond either waiting for him to pay attention to her or ask her to leave.
In order to regain her power in their relationship and to punish and make Reynolds more vulnerable and needy, Alma laces his tea with a small amount of poisonous mushroom gathered outside his country house. The next morning, dizzy and sweating, while he readies a wedding gown for a Belgian princess, he collapses, damaging the dress and forcing his staff to work all night to repair it. He becomes gravely ill and sees his mother in the room; he tells her how much he misses her. Alma nurses him through his fever; when Cyril brings in a doctor, first Reynolds and then Alma tell the doctor to "Fuck off." When Reynolds is well again, he asks Alma to marry him, telling her that there are things that he must do and he cannot do them without her. Alma accepts and they are married.
On vacation in the Swiss Alps, once again, Reynolds starts saying cruel and cutting things to Alma both privately and in front of their friends; they fight and defy each other again. As Reynolds' anxiety about his work increases, he complains to Cyril about Alma, who enters the room and overhears the conversation; neither Reynolds nor Alma is perturbed. We see Alma in the forest again, gathering mushrooms. One evening, she prepares a poisoned omelette as Reynolds watches her from the dining room table. As he slowly chews his first bite, she informs him that she wants him weak and vulnerable with only her to take care of him; after that, she wants him strong again. Reynolds implicitly consents by swallowing one bite of the omelette, responding, "Kiss me, my girl, before I'm sick." In the next scene, they are in Reynolds' bedroom: Alma sits with Reynolds, in pajamas with a pan in his lap; they smile happily and kiss before he tells her that it's time for her to leave the room to which she responds, "I'll be right outside the door."
Later in a voiceover, Alma imagines their future with children, a rich social life, and her running the dressmaking business as a partner. We see Alma pushing a baby carriage which she hands over to Cyril so that she and Reynolds can go out. In the present moment, we see Reynolds with his head in Alma's lap as they enjoy the fireplace; Reynolds remarks that he is getting hungry.



year: 2017
title: Wonder
director: Stephen Chbosky
cast: Stephen Chbosky (director/screenplay); Steve Conrad, Jack Thorne (screenplay); Julia Roberts, Jacob Tremblay, Owen Wilson, Mandy Patinkin
plot: August "Auggie" Pullman is a young boy raised in North River Heights in upper Manhattan, New York. He has a rare medical facial deformity, which he refers to as "mandibulofacial dysostosis." Due to numerous surgeries (27), Auggie had been home-schooled by his parents Isabel and Nate, but as Auggie is approaching middle school age, Isabel and Nate decide to send him to Beecher Prep, a mainstream private school. Fifth grade is tough for Auggie who is ostracized by nearly all the student body. He is bullied by being called a freak and rumors were spread that kids will get the "plague" if they touch him. He does befriend a boy named Jack Will.
Halloween is Auggie's favorite holiday. He has to wear an old "Ghostface" mask and costume because his dog, Daisy, threw up on his "Boba Fett" costume. He walks around school unrecognized and is not tormented while incognito. As he walks through the door to his homeroom, he overhears his friend Jack telling Julian Albans that he was "only pretending to be friends with Auggie." Feeling betrayed, Auggie leaves school and wants to stay home during trick-or-treating. His older sister Olivia, nicknamed "Via," tells him she is still his friend and talks him out of it. Auggie later confides the incident to a new friend, named Summer, but swears her to secrecy. When Jack notices that Auggie has become quiet and distant he asks Summer why, but she only gives him the clue "Ghost Face". Jack is shocked when it dawns on him that it was Auggie wearing the Ghost Face costume, and thus had overheard everything he said to Julian. When Julian calls Auggie a "freak," Jack angrily punches him in the face and a fight ensues between the two, which is soon broken up by their homeroom teacher Mr. Browne. Jack is suspended for two days for his actions. He apologizes to Auggie and the two friends reconcile. They even team up for a winning science project.
During the middle of the school year, Auggie is constantly bullied by Julian and his friends Amos, Miles, and Henry. They leave hurtful and threatening notes on his desk and tape their class picture on his locker with Auggie photoshopped out. Mr. Tushman confronts Julian and his parents. Julian's mother assures the principal that her boy is no bully. She even proclaims that she had Auggie edited out of the picture because she didn't want people to only care about Auggie and his family more than Julian. She also threatens to pull their funding from the school. Tushman shows all of his evidence and suspends Julian for two days, along with making him stay home from the annual nature retreat. As he and his parents leave, a remorseful Julian apologizes to Tushman for his behavior which the principal proudly accepts.
Via has her own teen problems as well as feeling left out with all of the parental attention given to her sick brother. Her best friend, Miranda, has been ignoring her all year but she meets a new boy Justin who encourages her to join Drama Club. Via and Justin develop a close friendship which later turns into a romantic relationship and her first kiss. Via is selected to be an understudy for the lead role in the school's production of "Our Town," but Miranda gets the lead role. Miranda realizes the pain and harm she's done to Via, and on opening night pretends to fall ill. Via takes her place and gives a performance that earns her a standing ovation.
During the nature retreat, Auggie and Jack are harassed by a group of seventh graders from another school and Amos, Miles, and Henry come to their defense. After their return to school, Auggie is generally more accepted by his classmates, including the reformed Julian. At the school's year end graduation ceremony, Tushman announces that Auggie has been selected for the Henry Ward Beecher Medal for being a strong standing out student. Auggie receives a standing ovation. His mother Isabel calls Auggie her "wonder". The movie ends with a shot of a floating astronaut: Auggie's goal in life.



